docs(studio-web): document coded function integration [PRODEV-605] (#1675)
UiPath/uipath-python: packages/uipath/docs/core/studio_web.md

      />
    </picture>

    ////

    //// tab | Function

    Use the **Initial setup screen** to get started:

    <picture data-light="../assets/studio_web_select_function_light.png" data-dark="../assets/studio_web_select_function_dark.png">
      <source
        media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
        srcset="
          ../assets/studio_web_select_function_dark.png
        "
      />
      <img
        src="../assets/studio_web_select_function_light.png"
      />
    </picture>

    ////

3. Choose a sample project to start from, or push an existing local coded agent or coded function

### Pushing an Existing Coded Agent or Coded Function

If you already have a coded agent or coded function locally, you can sync it to Studio Web:

1. Copy the `UIPATH_PROJECT_ID` from Studio Web into your `.env` file

 <picture data-light="../assets/studio_web_sync_from_ide_light.png" data-dark="../assets/studio_web_sync_from_ide_dark.png">
   <source
     media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
     srcset="
       ../assets/studio_web_sync_from_ide_dark.png
     "
   />
   <img
     src="../assets/studio_web_sync_from_ide_light.png"
   />

>  </picture>

Reviewer: Fixed — the `<picture>` block is now indented 4 spaces so it nests under the numbered list item.

## Local Workspace

!!! warning "Preview Feature"
The local workspace integration is currently experimental.

> Behavior is subject to change in future versions.

Reviewer: Good catch — switched it to the block-style admonition the rest of the page uses, with the body on a single line so indentation cannot break the render:

```
/// warning | Preview Feature
The local workspace integration is currently experimental. Behavior is subject to change in future versions.
///
```

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath run agent '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

//// tab | Function

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath run main '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

See [`uipath run`](../cli/index.md) in the CLI Reference.

### Debugging Locally

Use `uipath debug` for an enhanced local debugging experience. Unlike `uipath run`, the debug command:

- Auto polls for trigger responses when the project suspends (e.g., LangGraph interrupts)
- Fetches binding overwrites from Studio Web (configurable in **Debug > Debug Configuration > Solution resources**)

//// tab | Agent

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath debug agent '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

//// tab | Function

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath debug main '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

See [`uipath debug`](../cli/index.md) in the CLI Reference.

### Evaluating Locally

Run evaluations against your agent using the CLI:

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath eval agent .\evaluations\eval-sets\faithfulness-multi-model.json
```

See [`uipath eval`](../cli/index.md) in the CLI Reference and the [Evaluations documentation](../eval/index.md).
Coded function projects does not support local evaluations.

> 

Reviewer: Reworded. Evaluations are a coded-agent feature, so the page no longer claims functions do-not-support evals. Functions are now described as plain Python to be unit-tested (for example with pytest).

---

## Syncing Evaluations

For coded agents, evaluations can be defined either in Studio Web or locally, and sync automatically when you use `uipath pull` and `uipath push`. Coded functions does not support evaluations.

> 

Reviewer: Same fix — removed the "functions do not support evaluations" wording. Evals are now scoped to coded agents only; functions are unit-tested instead.

That's it, your agent should now be visible in Studio Web.

#### Coded Function

A coded function doesn't require an additional framework package. Authenticate, scaffold the project, and initialize it:

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath auth
⠋ Authenticating with UiPath ...
🔗 If a browser window did not open, please open the following URL in your browser: [LINK]
👇 Select tenant:
  0: Tenant1
  1: Tenant2
Select tenant number: 0
Selected tenant: Tenant1
✓  Authentication successful.

> uipath new my-function
✓  Created 'main.py' file.
✓  Created 'pyproject.toml' file.
✓  Created 'uipath.json' file.

> uipath init
⠋ Initializing UiPath project ...
✓  Created 'entry-points.json' file.
```

That's it, your coded function should now be visible in Studio Web.

---

## Publishing

> Once your coded agent or coded function is in Studio Web, publishing works the same as any other project. Click **Publish** in Studio Web and it will be packaged and deployed through the standard workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your python project is in Studio Web, publishing works the same as any other project. Click **Publish** in Studio Web and it will be packaged and deployed through the standard workflow.
```
coded agent or coded function -> is used in almost every sentence from this page. I would replace it with `projects` (at least on some occasions)

Reviewer: Applied your suggestion verbatim, and replaced "coded agent or coded function" with "project(s)" in several other sentences on the page.

---

## Running and Debugging

Your coded agent or coded function can be run both in the cloud (via Studio Web) and locally using the CLI.

> The CLI commands below take the entrypoint name as the first argument. The entrypoint name is the key declared in `uipath.json` — `agent` for a coded agent project, and the function name (for example `main`) for a coded function project.

Reviewer 2: same here. `uipath.json` doesn't hold the entrypoint information for coded agents

Reviewer: Fixed — now reads: the function entry point is the `uipath.json` key (for example `main`); the agent entry point is declared in the framework manifest (for example `agent` in `langgraph.json`).

```shell
> uipath run main '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

See [`uipath run`](../cli/index.md) in the CLI Reference.

### Debugging Locally

Use `uipath debug` for an enhanced local debugging experience. Unlike `uipath run`, the debug command:

- Auto polls for trigger responses when the project suspends (e.g., LangGraph interrupts)
- Fetches binding overwrites from Studio Web (configurable in **Debug > Debug Configuration > Solution resources**)

//// tab | Agent

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath debug agent '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

//// tab | Function

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath debug main '{"message": "hello"}'
```

////

See [`uipath debug`](../cli/index.md) in the CLI Reference.

### Evaluating Locally

Run evaluations against your project using the CLI:

//// tab | Agent

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath eval agent .\evaluations\eval-sets\faithfulness-multi-model.json
```

////

//// tab | Function

<!-- termynal -->

```shell
> uipath eval main .\evaluations\eval-sets\default.json
```

////

See [`uipath eval`](../cli/index.md) in the CLI Reference and the [Evaluations documentation](../eval/index.md).

---

## Syncing Evaluations

> Evaluations can be defined either in Studio Web or locally, and sync automatically when you use `uipath pull` and `uipath push`. Defining and running evaluations in Studio Web is supported for coded agents only; coded functions can still be evaluated locally with `uipath eval`.

Reviewer 2: why do we have evals for coded functions? Evals are agent specific. classic python functions can (and should) be unit tested.

Reviewer: Agreed — evals are now scoped to coded agents only. The page notes functions are plain Python to be unit-tested instead, and the "Syncing Evaluations" section is described as a coded-agent feature.
